Add guidance to use lower case for our anchor tags in links (#1938)
Azure/azure-sdk: docs/policies/README-TEMPLATE.md

* **DO NOT** use version numbers in the links as the version numbers will often be missed when releasing new versions thus point to the wrong thing or not exist at all. Instead avoid linking directly to versioned information. If you still need a link you should first try to link to a page that contains all the versions so someone can choose or link to the latest which may be out of sync with the content but should usually remain valid.

> * **DO NOT** use upper case in the anchor tags like `#Samples`. For example use `https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java#client-new-releases` instead of `https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java#Client-New-Releases`

Reviewer: It would be good to add a reason for this so folks have the context.

Author: Sure. Will add justification.

> * **DO NOT** use upper case in the anchor tags like `#Samples`. Use upper cases in anchor tags do not always direct to the right link when we consume the content in other places, such as docs, samples, package managers, etc. For this reason the guidance is to use lower case anchor tags in all our MD files in the repo as this will help ensure that links work in other contexts. For example use `https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java#client-new-releases` instead of `https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java#Client-New-Releases`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **DO NOT** use upper case in the anchor tag links like `#Samples`. Using upper case in anchor tag links will not work when we convert them to html as they are usually case sensitive. For this reason the guidance is to use lower case for any anchor tags we have in all our MD files in the repo as this will help ensure that links work in other contexts. For example use `https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java#client-new-releases` instead of `https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java#Client-New-Releases`
```
